these days the fire service is often
challenged to do more with less
whether it's expanding service areas or
pushing to cut scene time an aging fire
force or shrinking numbers of volunteer
responders the challenges are real and
urgent the rolling rack hose management
system can help your crew work smarter
to get the job done in less time with
fewer people and handle all of your fire
hose safely and efficiently with rolling
rack tools you can do more with less
our tools meet your hose management
needs at the firehouse and at the fire
scene all holes from one and a half inch
attack line to seven and a quarter inch
LDH you tell us what you need to manage
your hose and enroll in rack as the
tools for the job
our manual tools the rolling rack with
LDH drain attachment and the rolling
rack go pack assist with hose draining
and transport our power tools the
revolutionary rolling rack power roller
and the power roller rack cell do it all
you can drain and roll a 100 foot
section of lbh in an amazing 30 seconds
if you have 150 foot sections no worries
the rolling rack power roller XL can
drain and roll them just as quickly
loading hose up onto the rig bed becomes
a two-person job with rolling rack tools
on your team you'll never have to lift a
hose roll again
our rolling rack fastback lets you
easily roll attack and Forestry line
manually drawing the hose into neat
rolls for storage take a look at our
full line of rolling rack clothes tools
and see which ones are your crew best
together will customize a package to
meet your needs
serving firefighters civilian and
military urban in the world paid and
volunteer small departments and large
and an industrial settings like
refineries and power plants wherever
hose is used all around the world the
rolling rack hose management system is
the answer to smart safe and efficient
hose work visit rolling rack comm today
to see photos and videos plus read
testimonials that's rolling rack dot-com
you